Allow negative departure_load values in stop_visits (#279)
TIDES-transit/TIDES: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Removed `minimum: 0` constraint from `stop_visits.departure_load`, permitting negative values in unadjusted APC data where probabilistic counts produce them ([#270](https://github.com/TIDES-transit/TIDES/issues/270))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `minimum: 0` constraint from `stop_visits.departure_load`. This field is often derived from observations of boardings and alightings that are subject to observation error and those errors may result in negative values ([#270](https://github.com/TIDES-transit/TIDES/issues/270))
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with Joey's assessment. I will add that the correction of the assumptions and errors that lead to negative values is crucial to developing robust APC data. Furthermore, the issues with observation error may very likely not be in the observation that leads to a negative derived load, making removing a record with a negative value problematic.
